README.md, before:

# De noite tudo muda

A game for the [2022 MAD Game Jam][1].
Made in 48 hours, with the [Godot Engine][2].

[1]: <https://linktr.ee/madgamejam>
[2]: <https://godotengine.org>

The graphics and code were all made by us.  
The code and graphics are licensed under the [MIT license][MIT].

The fonts used are:

- [Open Sans](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Open+Sans), licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0][Apache-2.0]
- [Russo One](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Russo+One), licensed under the [Open Font License][OFL-1.1]


The sound files (except DOPAMINE) are all from <https://freesound.org>:

- Transition.ogg - [Wet Transition](https://https://freesound.org/people/Electroviolence/sounds/234533/) by Eletroviolence;
- InsideDay.ogg - [eletrical box.wav](https://freesound.org/people/keweldog/sounds/181131/) by keweldog;
- InsideNight.ogg - [Soft Wind](https://freesound.org/people/florianreichelt/sounds/459977/) by florianreichelt;
- OutsideDay.ogg - [Windy Day Street Bird](https://freesound.org/people/szegvari/sounds/517904/) by szegvari;
- OutsideNight.ogg - [Night village edge with away storm.wav](https://freesound.org/people/Guz99/sounds/583740/) by Guz99;
- DOPAMINE.ogg - [DOPAMINE](https://open.spotify.com/track/4gjZJHlmtRqW7QCb8famsn?si=_4ODecirQnWF-bIhZYErgQ&utm_source=copy-link) by Vat, a friend.

Every audio track except Dopamine[^1] is licensed under a [Creative Commons 0][CC0-1.0] license.

[CC0-1.0]: <https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode>

[Apache-2.0]: <Project/Assets/Fonts/OpenSans/LICENSE.txt>

[OFL-1.1]: </RussoOne/OFL.txt>

[MIT]: <LICENSE>

[^1]: Dopamine was offered for a easter egg in this game. No permission to use or redistribute is given to anyone working with this project.

Commit message:

Add controls to the README.md

README.md, after:

# De noite tudo muda

A game for the [2022 MAD Game Jam][1].
Made in 48 hours, with the [Godot Engine][2].

[1]: <https://linktr.ee/madgamejam>
[2]: <https://godotengine.org>

### Controls

The game is controled with:

- the arrow keys or the WASD keys to move
- X to attack
- Z to change between day and night
- E to use stuff.

### Credits

The graphics and code were all made by us.  
The code and graphics are licensed under the [MIT license][MIT].

The fonts used are:

- [Open Sans](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Open+Sans), licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0][Apache-2.0]
- [Russo One](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Russo+One), licensed under the [Open Font License][OFL-1.1]


The sound files (except DOPAMINE) are all from <https://freesound.org>:

- Transition.ogg - [Wet Transition](https://https://freesound.org/people/Electroviolence/sounds/234533/) by Eletroviolence;
- InsideDay.ogg - [eletrical box.wav](https://freesound.org/people/keweldog/sounds/181131/) by keweldog;
- InsideNight.ogg - [Soft Wind](https://freesound.org/people/florianreichelt/sounds/459977/) by florianreichelt;
- OutsideDay.ogg - [Windy Day Street Bird](https://freesound.org/people/szegvari/sounds/517904/) by szegvari;
- OutsideNight.ogg - [Night village edge with away storm.wav](https://freesound.org/people/Guz99/sounds/583740/) by Guz99;
- DOPAMINE.ogg - [DOPAMINE](https://open.spotify.com/track/4gjZJHlmtRqW7QCb8famsn?si=_4ODecirQnWF-bIhZYErgQ&utm_source=copy-link) by Vat, a friend.

Every audio track except Dopamine[^1] is licensed under a [Creative Commons 0][CC0-1.0] license.

[CC0-1.0]: <https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode>

[Apache-2.0]: <Project/Assets/Fonts/OpenSans/LICENSE.txt>

[OFL-1.1]: </RussoOne/OFL.txt>

[MIT]: <LICENSE>

[^1]: Dopamine was offered for a easter egg in this game. No permission to use or redistribute is given to anyone working with this project.
